README.md, before:

# node-jsat [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jackwanders/node-jsat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jackwanders/node-jsat) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/jackwanders/node-jsat/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/jackwanders/node-jsat?branch=master)

**J**ava**S**cript **A**nnotation **T**ransforms

### Installation

```bash
npm install --save jsat
```

### Usage

TBD. Package development in progress

The *idea* is to allow developers to save time by utilizing JSDoc-style annotation comments to augment functionality of their source code. As an example, consider the [`@deprecated` annotation](http://usejsdoc.org/tags-deprecated.html), which is intended to tell other developers that a particular method should no longer be used. This is great for documentation, but we can do better. When you run your source code through `jsat` all deprecated methods will call `console.trace` the first time that function is called, indicating to the user that the method is deprecated, along with the message defined alongside the original annotation. The message and the included stack trace can help developers find where in their own source they are calling the deprecated method and make the appropriate change.

Below is a list of annotation transforms currently being developed.

| Annotation | Purpose | Effect of Transform
|------------|---------|---------------------
| `@deprecated` | Indicate that the function should no longer be relied upon | Call `console.trace` or `console.warn` the first time the method is called, telling the user that the method is deprected
| `@constructor` (aka `@class`) | Indicate that the function should be used with the `new keyword` to create instances | Throw a `SyntaxError` if the function is called without the `new` keyword

You can find example source and output files for these annotations in the [examples directory](examples).

### API

Right now, `jsat` exposes a single method, `.transform` which takes a string representing your source file and returns a string representing the transformed file contents.

```javascript
var jsat = require('jsat');
var fs = require('fs');
var source = fs.readFileSync('path/to/sourcefile.js', 'utf8');
var output = jsat.transform(source);
fs.writeFileSync('path/to/outputfile.js', output);
```

### TODO
* Create a small library of (hopefully) useful transforms for various JSDoc annotations
* Create an easy to use API for creating custom annotation types, allowing developers to build reusable transforms to apply to their own code bases (e.g. argument validation, request scoping, etc)
* Create a grunt or browserify plugin so that this can be included in existing build processes

Commit message:

some refactoring, add basic param annotation for type checking

README.md, after:

# node-jsat [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jackwanders/node-jsat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jackwanders/node-jsat) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/jackwanders/node-jsat/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/jackwanders/node-jsat?branch=master)

**J**ava**S**cript **A**nnotation **T**ransforms

### Installation

```bash
npm install --save jsat
```

### Usage

TBD. Package development in progress

The *idea* is to allow developers to save time by utilizing JSDoc-style annotation comments to augment functionality of their source code. As an example, consider the [`@deprecated` annotation](http://usejsdoc.org/tags-deprecated.html), which is intended to tell other developers that a particular method should no longer be used. This is great for documentation, but we can do better. When you run your source code through `jsat` all deprecated methods will call `console.trace` the first time that function is called, indicating to the user that the method is deprecated, along with the message defined alongside the original annotation. The message and the included stack trace can help developers find where in their own source they are calling the deprecated method and make the appropriate change.

Below is a list of annotation transforms currently being developed.

| Annotation | Purpose | Effect of Transform
|------------|---------|---------------------
| `@deprecated` | Indicate that the function should no longer be relied upon | Call `console.trace` or `console.warn` the first time the method is called, telling the user that the method is deprected
| `@constructor` (aka `@class`) | Indicate that the function should be used with the `new keyword` to create instances | Throw a `SyntaxError` if the function is called without the `new` keyword
| `@param` | Indicate expected type for function parameters | Warn (or throw) when the annotated function receives an argument whose type does not match that indicated by the annotation

You can find example source and output files for these annotations in the [examples directory](examples).

### API

Right now, `jsat` exposes a single method, `.transform` which takes a string representing your source file and returns a string representing the transformed file contents.

```javascript
var jsat = require('jsat');
var fs = require('fs');
var source = fs.readFileSync('path/to/sourcefile.js', 'utf8');
var output = jsat.transform(source);
fs.writeFileSync('path/to/outputfile.js', output);
```

### TODO
* Create a small library of (hopefully) useful transforms for various JSDoc annotations
* Create an easy to use API for creating custom annotation types, allowing developers to build reusable transforms to apply to their own code bases (e.g. argument validation, request scoping, etc)
* Create a grunt or browserify plugin so that this can be included in existing build processes
